```
± | ✓| → make ceph-common
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rook/rook/release-1.3/cluster/examples/kubernetes/ceph/common.yaml
namespace/rook-ceph created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cephclusters.ceph.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cephclients.ceph.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cephfilesystems.ceph.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cephnfses.ceph.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cephobjectstores.ceph.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cephobjectstoreusers.ceph.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cephblockpools.ceph.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/volumes.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/objectbuckets.objectbucket.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/objectbucketclaims.objectbucket.io created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-object-bucket created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-cluster-mgmt created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-cluster-mgmt-rules created
role.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-system created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-global created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-global-rules created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-mgr-cluster created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-mgr-cluster-rules created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-object-bucket created
serviceaccount/rook-ceph-system created
rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-system created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-global created
serviceaccount/rook-ceph-osd created
serviceaccount/rook-ceph-mgr created
serviceaccount/rook-ceph-cmd-reporter created
role.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-osd created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-osd created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-mgr-system created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-mgr-system-rules created
role.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-mgr created
role.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-cmd-reporter created
rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-cluster-mgmt created
rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-osd created
rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-mgr created
rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-mgr-system created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-mgr-cluster created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-osd created
rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-cmd-reporter created
podsecuritypolicy.policy/00-rook-privileged created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/psp:rook created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-system-psp created
rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-default-psp created
rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-osd-psp created
rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-mgr-psp created
rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-ceph-cmd-reporter-psp created
serviceaccount/rook-csi-cephfs-plugin-sa created
serviceaccount/rook-csi-cephfs-provisioner-sa created
role.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cephfs-external-provisioner-cfg created
rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cephfs-csi-provisioner-role-cfg created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cephfs-csi-nodeplugin created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cephfs-csi-nodeplugin-rules created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cephfs-external-provisioner-runner created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cephfs-external-provisioner-runner-rules created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-csi-cephfs-plugin-sa-psp created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-csi-cephfs-provisioner-sa-psp created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cephfs-csi-nodeplugin created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cephfs-csi-provisioner-role created
serviceaccount/rook-csi-rbd-plugin-sa created
serviceaccount/rook-csi-rbd-provisioner-sa created
role.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rbd-external-provisioner-cfg created
rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rbd-csi-provisioner-role-cfg created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rbd-csi-nodeplugin created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rbd-csi-nodeplugin-rules created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rbd-external-provisioner-runner created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rbd-external-provisioner-runner-rules created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-csi-rbd-plugin-sa-psp created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rook-csi-rbd-provisioner-sa-psp created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rbd-csi-nodeplugin created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/rbd-csi-provisioner-role created
```
